The figure illustrates where improvements in computing power will come in the post-Moore era. Post-Moore era means the time when Moores Law doesnt work anymore. (Moores Law: number of transistors double per year, and so increase the comupting power continuously)
But the physical borders of transistors amounts and sizes are reached, so improvments have to be done somewhere else.
"The Bottom" stands for the "lowest layer" the semiconductor technology architectur.
"The Top" in the figure stands for "overlying layers" like the software, the implemented algorithms or the architecture of hardware components (not just the amount and size of transistors).
It shows which technology has which opportunity and each has two examples to reach this. 
The first technologie is the software, this can be improved by accurate software engineering, where developers not only engineer software for the functionality, but also for the performnace. This can be reached through removing software bloat. In resent years developers tend to reduce problems to other general problems and used this general solved problems, which led to a bloat of the software in time. Additionaly tailoring the software to hardware features is an important point e.g. parallelization and the optimized use of all availabe cores/threads.
The second technologie are the algorithms. Some algorithms are not the optimal solution for theoretical problems, some algorithms can be improved theoretical in runtime (e.g the Fourier Transformation ca be done "very fast" with the Fast Fourier Transformation algorithm instead of the naive one).
The third technologie is the hardware structure and streaming line. This means to avoid e.g. bandwith in memory and to not only concentrate on the number of transisotrs and comupitng power, but how fast data can "flow through the system". To structure the architecture in domains where the components are higly optimized by each other and can "communicate" very fast for specific tasks.
These are the performance gains after Moores law ends illustrated by the figure.
